Add StreamLit and Azul_System files (#198)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/streamlit.md

---
name: StreamLit
category: Languages and Frameworks
description: StreamLit is an open-source Python library used to create interactive, data-driven web applications quickly and easily, with minimal coding. It simplifies the process of transforming data scripts into shareable web apps for data science and machine learning projects.
download_url: https://www.azul.com/downloads/
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: 0.26.0
    release_date: 14/02/2019

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://streamlit.io/
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content:
        partner_content:
        official_docs: https://docs.streamlit.io/get-started/installation
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:

optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum: 
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: Pre-built binaries (wheels) are not available for Linux/Arm64. Installation and Testing is done using "pip install streamlit".

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: Pre-built binaries (wheels) are not available specific to any platform. Installation and Testing are done using "pip install streamlit".
```
